DOCS-9016 Manage info (#294)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-index.adoc

= Manage Runtime Fabric
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> After you install and configure Runtime Fabric and deploy Mule applications and API proxies, there are additional tasks you might need to perform.

Reviewer: first use in primary topic:
```suggestion
After you install and configure Anypoint Runtime Fabric and deploy Mule applications and API proxies, you might need to perform additional tasks.
```
...tasks, depending on...?
Also, GLOBALLY avoid using syntax that uses "there is" or "there are" as pseudo-subjects

Reviewer: Other suggestion:
```suggestion
After you install and configure Runtime Fabric and deploy Mule applications and API proxies, you can then view, monitor, update, and maintain your environment, and manually uninstall Runtime Fabric if necessary.
```

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion to not highlighting uninstall as it's not part of the typical lifecycle.

* Monitor and View

> ** View Runtime Fabric status and resource usage. See xref:resource-usage.adoc[View Runtime Fabric Status and Resources].

Reviewer: pleasepleasepleaseplease honor our established single-item or single-sentence limit on bulleted text GLOBALLY:
```suggestion
** View Runtime Fabric status and resource usage. 
+
See xref:resource-usage.adoc[View Runtime Fabric Status and Resources].
```

> ** Use Anypoint Monitoring and Anypoint Visualizer to monitor applications deployed to Runtime Fabric. See xref:manage-monitor-applications.adoc[Monitor Applications Deployed to Runtime Fabric].

Reviewer: ditto

> ** Monitor the performance and health of your Runtime Fabric installation. See xref:using-opscenter.adoc[Use Ops Center on Anypoint Runtime Fabric].

Reviewer: ditto

* Update

> ** Install rtfctl to manage Runtime Fabric settings. See xref:install-rtfctl.adoc[Install rtfctl].

Reviewer: ditto

> ** Install patches and perform other scheduled maintenance on Runtime Fabric. See xref:install-patches.adoc[Perform Scheduled Maintenance].

Reviewer: ditto

> ** Replace your Mule license key. See xref:replace-license-key.adoc[Replace a Mule License Key].

Reviewer: ditto

I will stop marking this; please implement GLOBALLY below and in all your documentation.

* Maintain

** Configure proxy settings used by Runtime Fabric outbound connections. See xref:manage-proxy.adoc[Manage Proxies Used by Runtime Fabric].
** Manage Runtime Fabric secure properties. See xref:manage-secure-properties.adoc[Manage Secure Properties in Runtime Fabric].
** Enable mutual authentication. See xref:config-mutual-auth.adoc[Configure Mutual Authentication with Anypoint Platform].

> ** Add or remove nodes from a cluster to maintain cluster health or to perform upgrade. See xref:manage-nodes.adoc[Add or Remove a Node from a Runtime Fabric].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Add or remove nodes from a cluster to maintain cluster health or to perform an upgrade. 
+
See xref:manage-nodes.adoc[Add or Remove a Node from a Runtime Fabric].
```
OR
```suggestion
** Add or remove nodes from a cluster to maintain cluster health or to upgrade. 
+
See xref:manage-nodes.adoc[Add or Remove a Node from a Runtime Fabric].
```

** Stop and restart a Runtime Fabric. This requires stopping and restarting each instance.

> ** Back up Runtime Fabric. See xref:manage-backup-restore.aodc[Back up and Restore Runtime Fabric].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Back up Runtime Fabric. 
+
See xref:manage-backup-restore.aodc[Back Up and Restore Runtime Fabric].
```
